Documentation changes for #13287 (#14059)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/agent-configuration.md

Fleet recommends deploying extensions created with osquery-go or natively with C++, instead of Python. Extensions written in Python require the user to compile it into a single packaged binary along with all the dependencies.

### Targeting extensions with labels

_Available in Fleet Premium v4.38.0_

> Fleet allows to target extensions to hosts that belong to specific labels. To set the labels you need to define a `labels` list under the extension name. 
> The label names in the list:
> - Must exist (otherwise the `/api/latest/fleet/config` request will fail).
> - Are case insensitive.
> - Extensions are deployed to hosts that are member of **all** the defined labels.

Reviewer: A few suggested changes to this part for additional clarity + consistent formatting:

```suggestion
Fleet allows you to target extensions to hosts that belong to specific labels. To set these labels, you'll need to define a `labels` list under the extension name.
The label names in the list:
- must already exist (otherwise the `/api/latest/fleet/config` request will fail).
- are case insensitive.
- must **all** apply to a host in order to deploy the extension to that host.
```

Example:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: config
spec:
  agent_options:
    extensions: # requires Fleet's osquery installer
      hello_world_macos:
        channel: 'stable'
        platform: 'macos'
        labels:
          - Zoom installed
      hello_world_linux:
        channel: 'stable'
        platform: 'linux'
        labels:
          - Ubuntu Linux
          - Zoom installed
      hello_world_windows:
        channel: 'stable'
        platform: 'windows'
```

> In the above example:
> - The `hello_world_macos` extension is deployed to macOS hosts that are member of the 'Zoom installed' label.
> - The `hello_world_linux` extension is deployed to Linux hosts that are member of the 'Ubuntu Linux' **and** 'Zoom insalled' labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example:
- the `hello_world_macos` extension is deployed to macOS hosts that are members of the 'Zoom installed' label.
- the `hello_world_linux` extension is deployed to Linux hosts that are members of the 'Ubuntu Linux' **and** 'Zoom installed' labels.
```
